Once upon a time, when Narnia was still young, a/an ADJECTIVE0, young eagle
named Sharpbeak decided to set out for an adventure. A wise ANIMAL0000 climbed
his ADJECTIVE0 tree to talk to him before he left. He crawled into the eagle’s
ADJECTIVE0 nest and said, “That was a long climb. I’m thirsty. May I have a cup
of SOMEDRINK0?”

As the two friends watched the sun set over the COLORCOLOR mountains, the eagle
said ADVERB0000, “I wonder what’s on the other side of those mountains?” His
ADJECTIVE0 companion warned him, “Beware of the ADJECTIVE0 giants in the north.
They like nothing better than to eat us Talking Animals for MEALTIME00 or even
for a snack.”

Sharpbeak promised he would avoid the giants.Then his friend said, “Don’t forget
that there are also ADJECTIVE0 dragons living on some of the mountaintops. They
don’t appreciate ADJECTIVE0 visitors. If you surprise them, they may blast you
with a ADJECTIVE0 burst of their ADJECTIVE0 flames. And definitely don’t disturb
their treasure of PLURALNOUN and PLURALNOUN.”

The eagle said, “I’ll be sure to watch out for dragons when I go on my
ADJECTIVE0 adventure.” “Oh,” added Sharpbeak’s friend, “I wouldn’t advise you
to fly over the ADJECIVE0 ocean either. What if you flew as far as you could,
and you didn’t find a/an ADJECTIVE0 island where you could land?” The eagle
looked worried. His wise friend added, “If you ever find yourself in dangerous
circumstances, remember that you can call on Aslan to protect you. I heard that
once he once allowed a timid ANIMAL0000 to walk safely across a stormy lake
without sinking.”

“My,” said Sharpbeak, “that would be a terrible thing.” He looked up at the
ADJECTIVE0 stars, twinkling in the sky. The two friends had spoken long into
the night. “I didn’t realize it was so late,” he said. All I have to offer you
to eat is FOODFOOD00 and FOODFOOD00.” “That would be nice,” said his friend. He
reached into his pocket and said, “and we could have this FOODFOOD00 for
dessert. But, after we eat I had better scurry home to my PLACEPLACE, since I
can’t imagine sleeping in a tree. I mean, if a storm comes up, you have the
wind blowing ADVERB0000 and ADJECTIVE0 rain pouring down in torrents. I’m much
happier living in a PLACEPLACE with my NUMBER0000 PLRELATIVE. While you go on
your journey, I will stay home and VERBVERB00.”

The two friends gave each other a big hug. The eagle’s feathers tickled his
friend, who said, “May Aslan watch over you during your travels.” The next
morning the ADJECTIVE0 eagle soared off to begin his adventure. Sharpbeak would
be sure to avoid all of the giants, dragons and PLMONSTER0 along the way. But
that’s a story for another day.